# What is new in the release?
In this release `0.0.10` we worked mostly on fixing some bugs and upgrading the modules to something that works in general. We found that some modules were not working properly in some scenarions, for example the dicom windowing modules were having issues to read some dicoms, where a flag called `fore` needs to be activated, and since we are using the pydicom internally then the user does not have the ability to activate this flag when an issue is raised.

# Features
- Merge the NIFTI segmentation.
- New dataset added.
- Feautre upgrade.
- Bugs fixes

## MultiClassNiftiMerger
In some projects that I have seen, the dataset sometimes comes with multi label annotations, which means we want to segment multiple regions of interest from the same scan but for the dataset we have multiple NIFTI files instead of multiple classes in one NIFTI file. This can be useful when we want to segment only one of these labels but when it comes to multi class segmentation then this will not work and we need to adapt the dataset to have the correct structure. In this case, you can use the module `MultiClassNiftiMerger` to merge the NIFTI labels to one file.

You can find the module under `pycad.datasets`.

## Kidney Stone Dataset
A new dataset has been added to the list of our datasets. This dataset is a sort of 2D normal images that shows the kideny from a CT scan and for the annotation, we have bounding boxes, which means we can train a model for object detection, such as YOLOv5, ... If you want to do segmentation, then you can add the SAM model to predict the masks.

## Features Upgrade
Some of the modules needed to be improved, so we added some features to make the library user friendly. We changed the way we read the DICOMs, for some datasets, the DICOM files are hard to read using `pydicom.dcmread` directly, and a flag called `force` needs to be activated. And since the dcmread was being used inside the PYCAD library then we didn't have the ability to activate this flag from PYCAD. Now it is added and can be activated whenever necessary.

Another thing that has been updated, is in the NIFTI to PNG module, in some cases the code is not able to read or convert some NIFTI files, and in my experience, I needed always to have the list of the rejected cases return by the module so that I know what to do with (or delete them if necessary), so in the release, this feature has been added where you can save the list of the rejected cases and you can also directly delete the rejected cases when you complete the conversion. This feature is used mostly in the scenarios when you convert the volumes and segmentations at the same time, so if there an issue with the volumes (which is always the case), you won't have the same cases in the volumes and segmentations, because the segmentation will be all converted compared to the volumes, and this can be an issue since you will have additional PNG masks, and these masks needs to be deleted, and here you can use the feature discussed in this section. More about it, you can check `from pycad.converters import NiftiToPngConverter`.

Another thing that has been added in this release is the unittest for the module `MultiClassNiftiMerger`, since it is a new module and can create issues, so a unittest is added, this will allow us to test the module internally and also help you validate you merge if you need.

Other bugs fixes and features updates have been added to improve performance of the library.